[docs] [tutorial-overhaul] [1-2] Adding Setup and Troubleshooting Pages (#11702)
dagster-io/dagster: docs/content/new-tutorial/setup.mdx

---
title: "Intro to the Dagster Tutorial: Getting set up | Dagster Docs"
description: "Get set up for the intro to assets tutorial."
noindex: True
---

# Intro to Dagster: Getting set up

To complete this tutorial, you'll need:

- **To install Python and pip.** This tutorial assumes that you have some familiarity with Python, but you should be able to follow along even if you’re coming from a different programming language. To check that Python and `pip` (Python's package manager) are already installed in your environment or install them, follow the instructions [here](https://packaging.python.org/guides/installing-using-pip-and-virtual-environments/).

>   <DagsterVersion />

Reviewer: So glad you used this! ❤️

<!-- ^ Lives in: /next/components/mdx/includes/dagster/DagsterVersion.mdx -->

- **To install Dagster, Dagit, and the `requests` library**:

  ```shell
  pip install dagster dagit requests
  ```

  This installs the following Python packages:

  - `dagster` is the command line interface (CLI) tool to run Dagster. For more information, you can look at the [Dagster installation guide](/getting-started/install)
  - `dagit` is the web-based UI for developing and operating Dagster jobs, including a DAG browser, a type-aware config editor, and a live execution interface.
  - `requests` is not a part of Dagster, but you'll use it in the tutorial to download data from the internet.

> ## Making your first Dagster project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---

## Creating your first Dagster project
```

🔧 H2 headings should be preceded by a horizontal rule and a space. I'm also suggesting using `Creating` instead of `Making`, as (I think) it sounds better and also matches verb usage in other sentences in this section.

> To verify that your dagster installation was successful, let's create your first Dagster project! We'll use the Dagster scaffolding command to give you an empty Dagster project that you can run locally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To verify that your Dagster installation was successful, let's create your first Dagster project! We'll use the Dagster scaffolding command to give you an empty Dagster project that you can run locally.
```

🔧 capitalization

To create the project, run:

```bash
dagster project scaffold --name tutorial-project
```

To verify that it worked and that you can run Dagster locally, run:

```bash
cd tutorial-project
dagit
```

> If you'd like an explanation on what files were made and why, you can look at the [Creating a new Dagster project page](/getting-started/create-new-project#using-the-default-project-skeleton).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you'd like an explanation of what files were made and why refer to the [Creating a new Dagster project guide](/getting-started/create-new-project#using-the-default-project-skeleton).
```

🔧 Suggestions for grammar and clarity

---

> ## Troubleshooting Installation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Troubleshooting installation
```

🔧 Headings should use sentence case

> If you are having issues with installing Dagster, Dagit, or any of its dependencies, you can look at the [Installation Troubleshooting Page](/getting-started/installation/troubleshooting-installation) for help and resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are having issues with installing Dagster, Dagit, or any of its dependencies, refer to the [Installation troubleshooting guide](/getting-started/installation/troubleshooting-installation) for help and resources.
```

🔧 Suggestions for clarity. IMO using 'understood you' makes things less wordy and more clear.
